Usage:

java -jar TemperamentStudio.jar
java -jar TemperamentStudio.jar -h
java -jar TemperamentStudio.jar -v
java -jar TemperamentStudio.jar -l
java -jar TemperamentStudio.jar infile [outfile] [options]

The first version above, with no arguments, will load the 
graphical user interface for interactive use  The other 
lines represent command line use of TemperamentStudio.
In command line mode, the midi file infile.mid is loaded, a new 
tuning scheme is applied, and then the modified midi file is 
saved.  If the optional argument outfile is given, the retuned 
file will be saved using the filename given.  If not, a new 
filename will be generated from the infile name which indicates 
the tuning method used.

  -h                         Print command line help and exit.
  			     -h must be the first argument.

  -v			     Print version and exit.
  			     -v must be the first argument.

  -l			     Print license and exit.
  			     -l must be the first argument.

options 

  -scheme tuning_scheme      Where "tuning_scheme" is one of the
  	  		     tuning schemes described in
			     TemperamentStudio.tunings.  The schemes
			     that are defined by default are
			     equal_temperament, pythagorean,
			     qc_meantone, five_limit, and 
			     werkmeister_III.
			     An additional tuning scheme,
			     "generic_meantone," is described below.
			     The default value is "meantone."
			     Additional tuning schemes can be
			     added by following the instructions
			     in TemperamentStudio.tunings.

  -scheme generic_meantone x
			     This generates a meantone temperament
			     using a fifth ratio of x.  For example,
			     if x is 1.5, this is equivalent to
			     "pythagorean," or if it is equal to
			     2^(7/12) = 1.498307077, this is equivalent
			     to "equal_temperament."
			
  -root	rootnote	     Where rootnote is the root note for
  			     the tuning scheme.  It can be one 
			     of the following values: C C# D D#
			     E F F# G G# A A# B.  The default
			     value is D.

  -refnote note		     This is the note that is set to
  	   		     a particular frequency.  For
			     example, for A440 tuning, note
			     would be A.  This parameter
			     accepts the same values as
			     -root

  -reffreq freq		     This is the frequency for the
  	   		     reference note.  For example,
			     for A440 tuning, freq would be
			     440.0

  -bendrange range	     This is the maximum bendrange
  	     		     in semitones assumed when doing the 
			     tuning.  The default value is 2.
			     This is the general midi standard.
			     If the synth you are using has
			     a different bend range, use this
			     option to set the corret bend range
			     for your synth.

  -writebendrange tf	     If tf is set to "true," a midi
  		  	     event will be written into the midi
			     file to attempt to set the synth
			     to have the assumed bend range.  If
			     this is set to "false," it will be
			     assumed that the synth has the 
			     correct bend range and no command to
			     set the range is needed.  The default
			     value is true.  It's usually safe to
			     leave this as true.

  -instrument prog	     This sets which instrument voice (program)
  	      		     to use in the midi file.  If this is set
			     to -1, any program changes in the 
			     input midi will be echoed to all
			     channels in the output file.  If it
			     is set to -2, the first program change
			     encountered in the input midi file
			     will be echoed to all channels, and
			     all further program changes in the
			     input file will be ignored.
			     If this is set to a value between 0
			     and 127, the program will be set
			     to that value.  The default is -1.

  -transpose amount	     Transpose all of the notes in the
  	     		     output midi file by this number of
			     half steps.  The value amount must
			     be an integer.

  -overwrite tf		     If tf is true, existing files will be
  	     		     overwritten without asking.  The default
			     value is false.
